--- 

layout: item

format: photo 

title: Joycelyn Archibald Pennyfeather

shortdesc: "Joycelyn Archibald Pennyfeather, a Kittitian author."

categories: [ Kittitian ] 

alt-text: ""

--- 

## About This Item 

Dr. Joycelyn Archibald Pennyfeather has been actively involved in educational programmes and initiatives for The Eastern Caribbean Joint Board of Teacher Education (ECJBTE), CARICOM, the OECS/EDMU and OAS/ITENS. A teacher by profession, she is presently the Co-chair of the ECJBTE and the Dean of the teacher training division at the Clarence Fitzroy Bryant College in St. Kitts-Nevis where she recently coordinated the Master of Education Programme offered through the University of the West Indies, School of Education, Cave Hill Barbados. She has also mentored many teachers and works with the Ministry of Education to provide support for prospective and untrained teachers at the pre-service and in-service level within the Federation of St. Kitts - Nevis. She has contributed to the recent efforts of Curriculum Reform and Teacher Professionalism in St. Kitts – Nevis and seeks to promote Positive Behaviour Management and the Child Friendly school initiatives. Her areas of interest include teacher training, professional development, curriculum reform, mentoring, mediation, portfolio development, classroom management, clinical supervision, and teacher appraisal. She is the author of: _Violence Prevention Strategies; St. Kitts and Nevis Public Schools_ and a co-author of The Early Years. She completed training and received certification as a Court Appointed Mediator. In October of 2022 she attained her License as Chalice Administrator and Reader for the Parish of Christ Church, St. Kitts. Her passion at present is to seek ways to find access points for teachers within the Federation of St. Kitts-Nevis to upgrade their qualifications and build capacity to help sustain the human capital in St. Kitts-Nevis. Dr. Archibald Pennyfeather is committed to service to God and community.
