--- 

layout: item

format: photo 

title: Leonard Stapleton

shortdesc: "Leonard Stapleton, a Kittitian author."

categories: [ Kittitian ] 

alt-text: " "

--- 

## About This Item 

Leonard Stapleton, a trained Accountant, Professional Guide, sustainable tourism professional, author, and heritage consultant, is primarily an educator. With over 15 years of teaching experience, he has also worked as part of the team of external assessors for the CFBC UWI Teacher Training Practicum. He has collaborated with the Ministry of Education, written the Interim Syllabus, and trained teachers in teaching 'Local History' in Grades three to six. Dedicated to researching, documenting, promoting, and preserving local history and culture, his publications include '_Spectacular Views_', '_The Brimstone Hill Fortress National Park_’ and ‘_[Places of Memory: The Experiences and Contributions of the Enslaved Africans on St. Kitts and Nevis](https://cfbcworks.github.io/Independence40SKN/items/SKN40_206.html)_’. Stapleton has held various positions, including Chairperson of the Junior Calypso Show for Nevis Culturama, Honorary Treasurer of the St. Christopher National Trust, Deputy General Manager of the Brimstone Hill Fortress National Park, and member of the Nevis World Heritage Committee. He is also involved in organizations like The Heart of St. Kitts Foundation, St. Kitts Sustainable Destination Council, and the Alliance Française. Stapleton provides training and education on the history and culture of St. Kitts and Nevis for taxi drivers, tour operators, and other tourism stakeholders in collaboration with the Ministry of Tourism and the St. Kitts Tourism Authority. He has been recognized with the St. Kitts Tourism Authority's 'Achievement of Excellence Award' for his work in the tourism and education sectors.
