--- 

layout: item

format: photo 

title: Wayne Maynard
 
shortdesc: "Wayne Maynard, a Nevisian author"

categories: [ Nevisian ] 

alt-text: ""

--- 

## About This Item 

Pastor Wayne Maynard was born and raised on the island of Nevis. He had the privilege of growing up in a pastor's family, where he was molded and taught the things of God. He accepted Jesus Christ as his personal Lord and Savior at an early age and was actively involved in the ministry of the Shiloh Baptist Church in a variety of different areas, including playing the piano, preaching, and working with young people. His adolescent years were greatly impacted by mentoring from his youth leader, healthy relationships with other young people who were serving God, and his years in the Nevis Cadet Corps. He excelled academically in high school and sixth form and furthered his education in the USA, where he received a Bachelor's and Master’s Degree in Computer Science and Information Systems Technology, respectively. He married his best friend, Shennetter Smith, in 1999, and they began their new life together in Virginia, where they attended Crossroads Baptist Church. This church helped them tremendously to grow spiritually through challenging preaching and good Christian examples. Their union produced two beautiful children, Mikaela (19) and Micah (15). During a successful fifteen-year career as a software engineer, Pastor Maynard felt the call of God on his life to be involved in full-time ministry in the work of God. He began making plans to return home to Nevis, where he felt God wanted him and his family to serve. That transition was completed in February 2015. He became the Senior Pastor of the Shiloh Baptist Church in October 2015, where he continues to serve in a variety of different areas, including directing the choir and leading other ministries. He authored and published his first book, “_[Too Blessed To Make a Mess](https://cfbcworks.github.io/Independence40SKN/items/SKN_IN51.html)_,” in 2023 under his own label, Strive for the Prize Books. He is passionate and dedicated to helping people fulfill their God-given purpose and is thrilled to play a part in making that happen.
