--- 

layout: item

format: photo 

title: Chesil Hamilton

shortdesc: "Chesil Hamilton, a Kittitian author."

categories: [ Kittitian ] 

alt-text: ""

--- 

## About This Item 

Chesil Hamilton was born in Cayon, St. Kitts on 3rd February 1955. He learnt to read at an early age and developed a love for Literature. 

During the latter years of his primary school years and throughout his education, he wrote essays and poetry. The highlight of this phase was his winning of a national level essay competition; as well as the publication of poems in national festival commemorative magazines.

After leaving school and beginning tertiary education he began writing calypsos and entered the National Carnival Calypso Competition. He won the title of Road March King in 1974; and contended for the title on other occasions. He also succeeded in winning the title of National Carnival Calypso King in 1983; and achieved podium positions on several other occasions.

He receded from that spotlight in 1994.

He studied Mass Communications, Law, and then Social Security Studies, he decided to make this last choice career, beginning in 1984 in the latter. 

His service at Social Security included stints as an Inspector in the Compliance Department, followed by management of the Compliance and Public Relations departments in successive 'terms' of tenure. He had a passion for policing the Fund, as well as for sharing information to the general public. He demitted office in February of 2017.

This publication is a testament to his continued love for sharing through the literary arts.
