--- 

layout: item

format: photo 

title: Dr. Cameron Gill
shortdesc: "Dr. Cameron Gill, a Kittitian author."

categories: [ Kittitian ] 

alt-text: " "

--- 

## About This Item 

Born in Irishtown, Basseterre, St. Kitts, Dr. Cameron Gill is a graduate of the Basseterre High School. He holds a BA with Honours in History with a minor in Archaeology (2003) and an MA with Distinction in Heritage Studies (2009), both from the University of the West Indies (UWI) Cave Hill Campus in Barbados. For his masters dissertation he researched Barbados’ maritime heritage from a material culture perspective. From 2010-2016 he was the CEO of the Brimstone Hill Fortress National Park Society and the UNESCO Focal Point for St. Kitts Nevis. He is a Senior Lecturer in the Faculty of Arts, Science and General Studies at the Clarence Fitzroy Bryant College, and the Principal Archaeologist, Heritage and Historical Research Consultant at Camgill Consulting. Camgill Consulting has successfully completed projects for the Ministry of Agriculture and Taiwanese Embassy, the Department of Environment, and the Nevis World Heritage Committee. Cameron is a member of the Association of Caribbean Historians (ACH), the International Council on Monuments and Sites (ICOMOS), the Institute of Historical Studies (IHS) at the University of London, the Royal Netherlands Institute of South-East Asian and Caribbean Studies (KITLV), and an Advisory Board Member of the Caribbean Heritage Network (CHN). In 2020 he successfully defended his Archaeology PhD dissertation (Leiden University, Netherlands) on the historical archaeology of the port of Sandy Point and its anchorage.
