--- 

layout: item

format: photo 

title: Dr. Denzil Llewellyn Douglas 
 
shortdesc: "Dr. Denzil Llewellyn Douglas, a kittitian author"

categories: [ Kittitian ] 

alt-text: ""

--- 

## About This Item 

Dr. Denzil Llewellyn Douglas was born in1953, in St. Paul's Village, St Kitts and Nevis. He pursued his education at the University of the West Indies, where he earned a BSc (Hons) in Natural Sciences in 1977 and later obtained Bachelor of Medicine and Bachelor of Surgery degrees in 1984. Dr. Douglas went on to establish a successful medical practice and served as the President of the St Kitts-Nevis Medical Association.

His political career began in 1979, and he quickly rose through the ranks of the St. Kitts-Nevis Labour Party, eventually becoming the National Political Leader in 1989. Dr. Douglas led the party to victory in the 1995 elections, becoming the Second Prime Minister of St Kitts and Nevis. He went on to win consecutive elections in 2000, 2004, and 2010, serving as Prime Minister for four terms.

During his time in office, Dr. Douglas implemented various policies and programs aimed at improving the welfare and quality of life of the citizens of St Kitts and Nevis. He also played a prominent role in regional and international organizations, advocating for issues such as HIV/AIDS prevention and healthcare.

In February 2015, Dr. Douglas resigned as Prime Minister but continued to serve as Leader of the Opposition until July 2022. Following the victory of the St Kitts-Nevis Labour Party in the August 2022 elections, he was sworn in as Minister of Foreign Affairs, International Trade, Industry, Commerce, Consumer Affairs, Economic Development, and Investment. Dr. Denzil Douglas remains a respected leader and has received numerous awards for his contributions to his country and the global community as well as co-authored his book [_Coming of Age_]((https://cfbcworks.github.io/Independence40SKN/items/SKN40Book34.html)).
