--- 

layout: item

format: photo 

title: Timothy Sylvester Harris 
 
shortdesc: "Timothy Sylvester Harris, a kittitian author"

categories: [ Kittitian ] 

alt-text: ""

--- 

## About This Item 

Timothy Sylvester Harris was born in 1964, in Tabernacle, Saint Kitts. He is a politician who has made significant contributions to the development of Saint Kitts and Nevis. Harris attended various universities, including the University of the West Indies and Concordia University, where he obtained a B.Sc. with First Class Honours in Accounting, an M.Sc. with Distinction in Accounting, and a Ph.D. in Administration majoring in Accounting.
In his early career, Harris worked at S. L. Horsford and Co Ltd before transitioning to politics in 1993. He has been a member of the St. Kitts-Nevis Labour Party and has held various ministerial positions, including Minister of Agriculture, Lands and Housing, Minister of Education, Labour and Social Security, and Minister of Foreign Affairs, International Trade, Industry, and Commerce.
In 2013, Harris founded the People's Labour Party (PLP) after being relieved of his portfolio by the Labour Party. He later formed the Team Unity alliance, which won the 2015 general elections, leading Harris to become the third Prime Minister of Saint Kitts and Nevis. He succeeded Dr. Denzil Douglas and had since continued to serve the country with dedication and leadership.
Throughout his career, Harris has been recognized for his contributions to education and community development, receiving awards such as the St Kitts Youth Council Award for Excellence in Education and the FESTAB Community Award. His commitment to improving the welfare of the citizens of Saint Kitts and Nevis remains a central focus of his leadership.
