--- 

layout: item

format: photo 

title: Tamu Petra Browne 
 
shortdesc: "Tamu Petra Browne, a Nevisian author"

categories: [ Nevisian ] 

alt-text: ""

--- 

## About This Item 

Dr. Tamu Browne is a leading figure in the intersection of education and entrepreneurship as the founder of two impactful ventures: "Innovative Education and Training Solutions" and "Coaching by Tamu". Her work focuses on empowering adult Caribbean learners through Innovative Education and Training Solutions, which provides educational pathways for those whose traditional education has been interrupted. Additionally, Coaching by Tamu guides female entrepreneurs in creating and managing scalable and innovative ventures, with a particular emphasis on technology and innovation.

As a tertiary level educator and the Founder of Innovative Education and Training Solutions, Dr. Browne has made significant contributions to the education sector. She is the author of several publications, including _Principles of Business Management Study Guide 1_ and _The Information Technology Workbook_, showcasing her expertise in these areas. Driven by a passion for integrating technology and innovation into teaching and learning, Dr. Browne utilizes pedagogical techniques to stimulate curiosity and foster creative thinking among her students.

Dr. Tamu holds a Doctorate in Technology Entrepreneurship, which she completed in 2018. Her research has centered on the strategies utilized by minority female founders to secure venture capital funding for their technology companies. Through her Mentored to Millions initiative, Dr. Tamu aims to lead at least twenty Caribbean women to a million dollars in revenue through action research and mentorship programs. Passionate about incorporating technology into teaching and learning, Dr. Tamu's philosophy encourages curiosity and novel thinking among her students. She is dedicated to making a lasting impact in the fields of education and entrepreneurship, particularly within the Caribbean community.
