--- 
layout: item

format: photo 

title: Jacinth Henry-Martin
 
shortdesc: "Jacinth Henry-Martin, a Kittitian author"

categories: [ Kittitian ] 

alt-text: ""

--- 

## About This Item 

Prior to her election to the Federal Parliament of St Kitts and Nevis in 2000, Ambassador Jacinth Henry-Martin served as Director of Culture, Parliamentary Secretary for Culture, and Minister of Information, Culture, Youth & Sports. She was subsequently named to high level representational roles in the United Kingdom and in the United States of America before being appointed her country’s first female Ambassador to the USA in 2011, serving in the dual role of Permanent Representative to the Organization of American States (OAS) and concurrent non-resident Ambassador to Mexico and Paraguay. 

From 2015 to 2023, she executed roles at the OAS including that of Chief of Staff of the Secretary General and Advisor to the Assistant Secretary General with responsibility for coordinating the Offices of the OAS General Secretariat across the Americas, and as Chief of two OAS electoral observation missions to Member States.

In July 2023, she returned to the service of the Federation of St Kitts and Nevis as Ambassador to the USA, with concurrent appointment as Permanent Representative to the OAS. 

Ambassador Henry-Martin is the recipient of many accolades and awards recognizing her contribution to the social advancement of the people of her country. An artist at heart, she is the author of two published anthologies of poetry including _[A Piece of my Mind](https://cfbcworks.github.io/Independence40SKN/items/SKN_IN55.html)_, pens and performs her own dramatic works with accompaniment by drumming and choir ensembles, and regularly offers words of encouragement and empowerment to youths as a motivational speaker. She sits on the board of the Young Americas Business Trust (YABT) which encourages and promotes leadership in creative endeavors and entrepreneurship in young people. She holds a Master of Arts in Technical and Specialized Translation from the University of Westminster in the United Kingdom and is fluent in three languages.
