--- 

layout: item 

format: photo 

title: Seduced by Passion

shortdesc: “A romance set on the picturesque Caribbean island of Akilina, where black sand beaches, majestic mountains, and dense rainforests unfold at every turn, and where ancient cultures blend as seamlessly as the breathtaking landscape.” 

categories: [ Romance ] 

alt-text:  

 

--- 

## About this Item 

### About the Book

Billionaire real estate developer Rapheus Giannopoulos has a reputation for being emotionally void and unavailable. When it comes to women and dating, he has always kept it casual. But Raph is forced to navigate through a sea of mixed emotions when his grandfather’s deathbed confession about family secrets sends him into a world and to a family he knew nothing about, and to a woman who brings him to his knees.

In business, Hotelier Xiomara Davenport exudes confidence. Not so in relationships. She has been used, betrayed, and humiliated by men who promised to love her. Behind the walls that surround her heart, Xio has all but given up on love. But both her confidence and defenses are shaken to the core when a rival threatens to destroy the life she has built, and a handsome stranger makes her question what she thinks she knows about herself.

On the picturesque Caribbean island of Akilina, where black sand beaches, majestic mountains, and dense rainforests unfold at every turn, and where ancient cultures blend as seamlessly as the breathtaking landscape, will Raph and Xio surrender to the irresistible pull between them, or will the truths they uncover forever keep them apart?


### A Note From the Author

When I began writing Seduced by Passion, I thought, “What if there was an island that was never colonized by Europeans, a place where the indigenous people lived in peace and according to their ancient customs, and a safe haven where escaped slaves from other islands could rebuild their lives and freely embrace their African heritage, language, and culture?” 

And so the island of Akilina was created, and Seduced by Passion evolved into an alternative history novel, filled with sizzling passion and tear-jerking family drama and secrets that take the reader on an emotional roller coaster ride as the protagonists, Rapheus and Xiomara, embark on a truth-finding journey that will challenge everything they thought they knew about their families’ history. 

