--- 

layout: item 

format: photo 

title: The Truth About Robert L Bradshaw

shortdesc: “The Truth About Robert L Bradshaw by Glenroy Mervin Blanchette ” 

categories: [ History ] 

alt-text:  

 

--- 

## About this Item 

A brilliant portrayal of one of the greatest Caribbean political leaders and an excellent reference
for students of Caribbean history and politics. This historical masterpiece takes the reader on a
journey of one man&#39;s rise from rural poverty to lead the labour movement and champion the
cause of the working class in his country and the wider Caribbean. It provides a gripping tale of
Bradshaw’s battles against the British colonial system, an assassination attempt on his life, and
love and betrayal. The lies and fallacies that surrounded Bradshaw's leadership are challenged
and debunked with great skill.
Each chapter of the book provides historical context that enables the reader to better understand
the social, economic and political forces that existed during Bradshaw’s time and the ways in
which he responded to those forces in order to create an independent St. Kitts and Nevis. Indeed
his gift of oratory, political acumen and astounding leadership skills were tools he used to his
advantage to rally the masses in support of his mission.
_The Truth About Robert L Bradshaw_ is a fitting tribute to the Father of Independence St. Kitts-
Nevis. Revered in life and more so in death, Sir Robert Llewellyn Bradshaw symbolizes the
strength and resilience of not only Kittitians and Nevisians, but also Caribbean people. His
legacy is a story of Caribbean integration and freedom and progress for the common man.
