--- 

layout: item 

format: photo 

title: "SONNY JIM OF SANDY POINT"

shortdesc: “SONNY JIM OF SANDY POINT. Experiences that defined the Sandy Point of the 1950's and 1960's. One invaluable aspect to have chronicled those events, both hilarious adn serious.
categories: [ Novel ] 

alt-text:  

 

--- 

## About this Item 

### About the Book

SONNY JIM OF SANDY POINT is based on fictional accounts growing up in Sandy Point, St. Kitts, West Indies. It is a story. It is not history. The author's imagination was the driving force behind the work. Events herein described occured, not as they happen. Any resemblance to any person living or dead is purely coincidental

### A Note From the Author
Professor Simon B. Jones-Hendrickson
Dr. Simon B. Jones-Hendrickson, Professor of
Economics, University of the Virgin Islands (UVI),
is a national of St. Kitts and Nevis. He delivered
the Eastern Caribbean Central Bank, National
Bank of Dominica and UWI Open Campus
Lecture titled “Size and Survival in the Era of
Globalization.”
He is currently the Dean (Interim) of the College
and Liberal Arts & Social Sciences, UVI. He has
been teaching and writing in Economics for over
35 years.
Previously, he taught at the University of the
West Indies, Kingston, Jamaica and has written
extensively on Caribbean Economics, Public
Sector Economics, Political Economy and
Quantitative Economics. He has five books on
Economics and Political Economy. He received
his training in Economics from Exeter University,
England; Illinois State University, USA; and the
College of the Virgin islands.
Professor Jones-Hendrickson has been a consultant to Caribbean
governments; is a long-term consultant to the government of St, Kitts and
Nevis; was Ambassador of St. Kitts and Nevis to the OECS, CARICOM and the
ACS (and still serves in a roving basis). He has been a Commissioner on Tax
and Administration Reform and Public Expenditure Reform for the OECS,
among other issues. He is also a creative writer having written five novels and
two volumes of poetry.
Caribbean Visions book coverProfessor Jones-Hendrickson is a prolific writer/scholar having written and or published more than 100 articles (see http://library.uvi.edu). He has presented several original works in economics at regional and international conferences covering public finance, monetary economics, public choice policy, immigration, and labor market economics. Among his books are Readings in Caribbean Public Sector Economics (1981), (co-authored with Fuat Andic, formerly of the University of Puerto Rico); Public Finance and Monetary Policy in Open Economies (1985), and Caribbean Visions (1990, Editor). Dr. Jones-Hendrickson has also published two volumes of poetry and four novels: his first novel is Sonny Jim of Sandy Point (1991). His second novel is Death on the Pasture (1994), and his third entitled Andy Browne’s Departure (2007). His most recent novel is Dana, Steven & Brenda (2009). Dr. Jones-Hendrickson’s most recent book in economics is a compilation entitled Essays on the Organization of Eastern Caribbean Economies, (2006), iUniverse.com. A Weekend in Paradise and Essays on the Economies of St. Kitts and Nevis are his two most recent works of non-fiction.

From January 2001 to September 2005, Professor Jones-Hendrickson was the Ambassador of St. Kitts and Nevis to CARICOM, the OECS, and the ACS. Among his other honors are his being honored as President of the Caribbean Studies Association, 1983-84; honored for his creative works at CARIFESTA in St. Kitts, 2000 for his contribution to arts and culture; recognized for distinguished service to UVI, 2001; recognized as alumnus of Achievement from Illinois State University, 2002; awarded a 25-year service award from UVI, 2004. And in May, 2008, he received the first UVI Presidential Award for distinguished service to the University of the Virgin Islands.

